The Chod practice, but at the same time those who know us or don't know, I think it's good to do
practice together.
The Chod practice is one of the very powerful practices in the Tibetan Buddhism.
I'm going to show those things at this time more than this, but it's really considered one of the
very powerful practices to removing obstacles, diseases, and sicknesses.
Chod practice is very important.
Chod practice is very powerful if people can't believe in curses, black mages, negativities,
extended, disturbing that.
Chod practice is very powerful to dispel, remove all these.
Chod practice is very famous to boost our realization, possessions.
For that reason, the great Master Maathilabra herself said that many times practitioners expect
result by the future.
"My practice," she said, "my practice, not letting result in the future, immediately discovering
right now," she said.
So it's true, immediately you can't let right, immediately the direct, you're passing in a way each
other. Right there, you're crushing that.
Anything that is grasping, anything is disturbance, and ultimately it is all mine.
But immediately you're really transcended that and bring up that realization.
So for that reason, realization of the true nature, or the Dzoggy realization, for those reasons in
Chod practice, it's known as that boost of realization.
It's like booster up. You're really drinking, like what's called power drink, power drink to shake
up that, or power bomb.
You're really boost of realization.
Or in modern mode, you're really adding that miracle growth. A miracle is now planted a long time
ago, and nothing really is growing, nothing is seeing any progress.
It's kind of retiring a little bit. And now really the true practice is called bringing up that
realization.
And that was, for example, in here, here, like great Master Jingwilambra said to me here, here,
what?
But it's a boost of realization. Boost of realization. Therefore, in the way it's called bono.
Bono means bring up the realization. Cooking. So therefore, it's very special.
Of course, you learn the tunes and have the time to play that. But once you're dead, then you
should be Māti-galabra.
You should be Pa-kandarsāni. You should be in the Gaurabhiyam-ma-sambhava, or Yishim-sogya, and
that's it.
That's it. Being in that state, in the display, in the dance, dancing in samsara, and then you're
really doing what?
Laughing. Blow laughing. Blow laughing. Loudly laughing.
So therefore, also when you practice, again, those who are learning, trying to follow that, look to
the others who are doing good,
who's doing that, kind of like, so cooperating. And then tunes are always, as you know that, you
should always mungal.
Very harmonized tunes. And harmonized bell, harmonized dhammaru.
And then it's just kind of like beautiful soothing. It's like big, beautiful ties and waves, just
moving big and deep and strong.
And it's so nice. So please, those are just a few thoughts there. Thank you.